Documentation Improvements (#3153)
ethereum/web3.js: docs/web3-eth-subscribe.rst

    web3.eth.subscribe('logs', options [, callback]);

Subscribes to incoming logs, filtered by the given options.

> If the starting block got defined with the ``fromBlock`` options property and is a valid number will a second JSON-RPC request get executed to get them as first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a valid numerical ``fromBlock`` options property is set, Web3 will retrieve logs beginning from this point, backfilling the response as necessary.
```
